what you looking at the King does it
again my man goes into LA and
embarrasses Kobe and the Lakers Lakers
on something like a three or four game
losing streak but their Lakers they'll
get it together obvious you can see
LeBron given this shit-eatin grin
different from the b1 because it is the
b2 came in the mail today I was going to
wait and do one but i'll hit you guys
off though probably a top top 5 4 2010
my top 5 sneakers are got put a little
thought into it papers different Scott
LeBron looks like he's uh doing some
defensive slides or something of course
my phone's ringing in the middle this um
yeah obviously the box is different this
is the version 2 and here to go nice
shoe man if I had any complain the
complaints I would say that they didn't
come with black laces but then again
people last year were bitching about how
that income of green laces so really
seems like Nike can't win when it comes
to this kind of stuff um but i will be
buying a pair of black laces and
throwing them in here greens nice but i
think a pair of set black laces with set
these off the red might be nice too but
i don't think so and obviously it's um
this you know the same design as d 8
they're both you know as a version one i
should say but they basically for the
version 2 just ripped a lot of the
leather off like we're up on the toe box
where would be leather it's now this
perforated you know real thin plastic
i'm not sure exactly what they call it
got a patent leather i stay all the way
up you know you're
pilots are the same the shoes is exactly
the same except for it doesn't have the
embroidered swoosh swoosh is on the
plastic and still got your panels your
two panels on each side looks like the
shoe breeze really well probably I'm
guessing it's a little lighter will be
the point if it wasn't black with a
white speckled midsole black air unit
white and red outsole with the black
hourglass eight again same same same
thing tongues different it doesn't have
the textured line pattern here it's
basically the screen printed on or
whatever you want to call it I don't
know on the other side of course you
know you got your to fly wire panels in
between the match for the moisture
wicking and breathability and the v2
they give you a Nike swoosh on the
inside part of the shoe which they
didn't do with the v1's you got LeBron
signature with the Green Knight to check
let's take a look at the insole the
insoles all black with a green witness
tab all in all I'm really happy with the
shoe I think it's a clean clean shoe the
concept is wonderful Christmas you know
whatever um I know what Nike was getting
that with these I guess last year the
LeBrons in pop enough on the tee off the
TV they're a little more of a dolt a
dull red so they didn't pop as much
let's take a look at the colors here we
got sport red white black and victory
green size 13 my size that's cool you
know they did some like how the i like
how LeBron those different things with
you know it's the same model number but
it's a different version so he changes
it up a little bit good deeds got like a
bluish tint paper or greenish tint can't
tell what that is
you know they're always doing it right
you guys know Nike and LeBron always
doing it right likes and chisel said
I'll which jordan would take a hard look
at LeBrons people are doing and you know
try to emulate that but you know it's
all about the bottom line they almighty
dollar brown on the not one for showing
the lace tips but people seem to like
that yeah so that's what it is man
pretty much the same as X shoe you got
your little brown with a little symbol
right though James right there hot shoe
man I know a lot of you guys are looking
forward to getting these in I just got
them in so I figure out throw a video up
yeah look for uh maybe a top 5 2010
coming tomorrow I sold a lot of my a lot
of my shoes some of the newer releases
but whatever all right guys Christmas
LeBron eights got the kobes coming in
the Grinch is the Grinch miss so be on
the lookout for that boxhead tease what
up support them good people men until
the next one guys be good stay safe and
have a happy new year peace